no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, NA_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, blog 
yes_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, yes_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, blog 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, contra, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, NA_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, NA_bear_ok, contra, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, NA_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, NA_bear_ok, contra, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, no_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, paper 
no_crockford, NA_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, yes_ice_natural, no_bear_threatened, yes_bear_adapt, yes_bear_ok, contra, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, NA_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, NA_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, NA_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, NA_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, NA_bear_adapt, NA_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
no_crockford, yes_ice_decline, no_ice_stable, no_ice_natural, yes_bear_threatened, no_bear_adapt, no_bear_ok, pro, paper 
